Update porting docs based on team feedback (#9483)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/net-framework-tech-unavailable.md

## Remoting

.NET Remoting was identified as a problematic architecture. It's used for cross-AppDomain communication, which is no longer supported. Also, Remoting requires runtime support, which is expensive to maintain. For these reasons, .NET Remoting isn't supported on .NET Core, and we don't plan on adding support for it in the future.

For communication across processes, consider inter-process communication (IPC) mechanisms as an alternative to Remoting, such as the <xref:System.IO.Pipes> or the <xref:System.IO.MemoryMappedFiles.MemoryMappedFile> class.

Across machines, use a network-based solution as an alternative. Preferably, use a low-overhead plain text protocol, such as HTTP. The [Kestrel web server](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel), the web server used by ASP.NET Core, is an option here. Also consider using <xref:System.Net.Sockets> for network-based, cross-machine scenarios. For more options, see [.NET Open Source Developer Projects: Messaging](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet/blob/master/dotnet-developer-projects.md#messaging).

## Code Access Security (CAS)

> Sandboxing, which is relying on the runtime or the framework to constrain which resources a managed application or library uses or runs, [isn't supported on .NET Framework](~/docs/framework/misc/code-access-security.md) and therefore is also not supported on .NET Core. We believe that there are too many cases in the .NET Framework and runtime where an elevation of privileges occurs to continue treating CAS as a security boundary. In addition, CAS makes the implementation more complicated and often has correctness-performance implications for applications that don't intend to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sandboxing, which relies on the runtime or the framework to constrain which resources a managed application or library uses or runs, [isn't supported on .NET Framework](~/docs/framework/misc/code-access-security.md) and therefore is also not supported on .NET Core. There are too many cases in the .NET Framework and the runtime where an elevation of privileges occurs to continue treating CAS as a security boundary. In addition, CAS makes the implementation more complicated and often has correctness-performance implications for applications that don't intend to use it.
```
Also, it would be good to relate CAS to sandboxing; the acronym CAS appears with no context or explanation.

> Use security boundaries provided by the operating system, such as virtualization, containers, or user accounts for running processes with the least set of privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use security boundaries provided by the operating system, such as virtualization, containers, or user accounts for running processes with the minimum set of privileges.
```

## Security Transparency

> Similar to CAS, Security Transparency allows separating sandboxed code from security critical code in a declarative fashion but is [no longer supported as a security boundary](~/docs/framework/misc/security-transparent-code.md). This feature is heavily used by Silverlight. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to CAS, Security Transparency separates sandboxed code from security critical code in a declarative fashion but is [no longer supported as a security boundary](~/docs/framework/misc/security-transparent-code.md). This feature is heavily used by Silverlight. 
```
